
Report Title : Twitter Data Anlysis Report

Abstact

The aim of this study is to develop a model and use it in sentiment analysis based on the information gathering from a social media like twitter.
Through this work, the natural language processing will be demonstrated and how it can help in sentiment analysis. All these techninics can be applied
to have an overall understanding of the active public on a social media on any situation. In the case of this project the people regards' on Covid-19 are
analysed. 

Introduction

Today, social media has created new styles of communication for us, which made huge impact on everyday lives of the people. Social media has brought people 
with common interests together and expanded the horizon of ideas worldwide. However, there has also been an impact of social media on human behavior and society.
Human behavior changes more when we dabble with technology especially with social media. The daily use of social media by people has increased so much that it is 
slowly injecting an inflection into our behaviors. Today, social media can change esealy human decision and affect sebtiments on any subject. In addition, Social 
media provides a quick and easy way to spread news and information online. Many people around the world, use social media as a way to discover news or new stories. 
During this pendemic of Covid-19, social media where used to alerte people and affect of cours their sentiments. 
To analyse the sentiments of the public during this pendemic period, a model will be develop to process the natural langage of public on twitter with focus in Africa.
Thus, different technics or methods will be used to get the sentiment analysis of the public leving in Africa' countries. In the process of this analysis it is very
important to set up a model framework to higlith the different steps up to the deployment stage of the data analysis.

Methods

Sentiment analysis is contextual mining of text which identifies and extracts subjective information in source material, and helping a company to understand the 
social sentiment of their brand, product or service while monitoring online conversations. In the case of this study, Twitter was scraping based on the comments 
on the Covid-19 made by Africans on Twiiter. These data were collected in June 2021 and stored as json file using a web scrapping API.
The sentiment analysis model used in this study is developed in python by 10 Academy Team and download from https://github.com/10xac/Twitter-Data-Analysis

Results
Through this work, it can be observed that with the recent advances in Machine learning, the ability of algorithms to analyse text has improved considerably. 
Creative use of advanced artificial intelligence techniques can be an effective tool for doing in-depth research. We believe it is important to analyse
public conversation about any situtation tha occur in the wold to predict peopl' reactions.


